I started the first week of my
partnership and with what I promise in
an earlier video I was can compare
Android and iOS apps so let's get
started I hope you guys are having a
good st. Patrick's Day by the way this
video we're going to be comparing you to
Babs on both um both operating systems I
should say fantasy both phones but
that's an iPad that's a phone but anyway
so here we got the android and here we
got the iOS you know ample all the good
stuff so let's first let's start with
the Android since it's a phone why not
so when you first open it you're going
to be right here and it gives you all
your subscriptions right there from
today in later days if you keep
scrolling down and you tap like you know
more videos all the good stuff when you
first open this you're going to get
featured but you can go right to
subscriptions now for further on this it
doesn't show all my subscriptions for
some reason it never has it just it
shows new videos though but it doesn't
show everyone i'm subscribed to which
it's kind of stupid but son this one
shows all your stuff so there's my new
subscriptions so let's go back to
android here so when you hit menu on an
android phone you can go to home which
is here browse what you can view you
know everything by category so we'll go
to comedy there's like raywilliamjohnson
so you can go most viewed top-rated most
discussed top favorited all the good
stuff is there you can still access it
and says this week right there but if
you tap on it you can go today this week
this month or all times so that's always
nice to have this one you
do same thing I think it's in sorry I'm
good yeah you hit more you can also
organize this to what you want you can
tap and drag whatever you want down here
which is kind of cool so you can do most
few most recent operated your history
your videos and your playlists which is
pretty awesome so we're not much
different so far just the way the design
works the designs a little different
this is black this is more of a white
well it's kind of black because I have a
theme on a jailbroken ipod but it's
usually kind of like white and grayish
this is like an all-black youtube app is
pretty cool i like that so right here
you got your channel tells your upload
there's my partner video and go to
favorites and playlists also just by
going to your channel on this one and
this one it's in more so that's pretty
cool you can also upload straight from
the app itself so that's pretty cool you
upload anything you want you can be a
video you have saved on here already or
it will be directly from the camera so
that is pretty sweet I'm pretty sure the
iphone does the same thing so this is i
put ipod touch sorry guys i'm pretty
sure the iphone was the same thing so if
you have an iphone should be good to go
no problems with that so let me see well
let's go to our channel can we go to our
channel on here I don't think you can
maybe I'm being stupid hmm well you
can't really like see your I don't think
you'd see here you can see your videos
but like like I'm trying to think here I
don't know this one just looks more
organized to me I'm sorry
we lost for words there this one looks
more organized to me um because I know
it's got your uploads whoops now your
uploads your favor to your playlist it's
like all organized and here you go to
different my videos tab a different you
know favorites thing it's kind of
annoying and this one app you have it
all right there uploads favorites
playlist subscriptions sorry so yeah I
just think the subscriptions on this and
the whole so I'm not just assertions the
whole layout in this is just more
organized to me what you guys think but
there abouts you know they work pretty
fast I'm let's test it out right here
we'll go this and this let's see which
one will load faster see ya oh that one
already loaded up now these are both on
my Wi-Fi and Android one is very loaded
up so there you go there's the other one
ipod touch or its iOS it's not that fast
compared to android i don't know i don't
have an iphone so i can't really tell
you but though android one is definitely
faster than ipod touch one so they're
pretty good um i would like to android
one a lot better sorry even though i
just got this not that long ago i've had
ipod I've had iPod Touches for ever so
both mobile versions were about the same
they work about the same speed so joy
nothing to compare about that they're
not the same thing I'm talking about
when you go in the browser and you go
the mobile version of YouTube they're
the same thing so I hope you guys
enjoyed i'll be doing more comparing in
the future and let me know what you guys
think do you like to android oh yeah you
too bad better or the iOS you too bad
better so peace out guys and again happy
st. Patrick's Day